## Technical Architect
   
As an easyJet Technical Architect, you’ll build on one of the biggest business 
success stories of recent times. That’s not an exaggeration.
 
In a few short years, we’ve become the UK’s largest airline, the fourth largest 
in Europe and the tenth largest in the world. From our headquarters in Luton Airport, 
our amazing Tech team plans, builds and runs over 125 different business services, 
and has been instrumental in making us one of the world’s most operationally 
efficient airlines. We’re looking for people who share our passion for all things 
IT, people like you, who can move us even further as a tech-centred business. 
In return, you’ll get a generous base salary plus all the training you need to 
develop fast, wherever your talents take you.

### The Technical Architect Role

Working specifically to manage the Technical Architecture for the easyJet.com 
platform, it’s all about applying your technical expertise. Expertise in guidance 
to development teams, including 3rd parties. Expertise in Microsoft & web 
technologies acquired from significant “on the ground” practical experience. 
Combined with pragmatism, an unwavering business focus, and sound knowledge of 
eCommerce. As a Technical Architect, you’ll make sure that everything follows 
best practices, delivers to the architecture roadmap, and ultimately meets our 
business needs.
 
### The skills and experience needed

Personality is key in this Technical Architect role – we love a collaborative 
environment and look for people who share that view. You’ll have in-depth 
commercial development experience ideally in high volume scalable systems. 
A successful track record of delivering high-quality software solutions, 
and expert-level knowledge of ASP.NET, DevOps, eCommerce and Web platforms. 
You’ll also need to be a fast learner, highly motivated and above all driven.